welcome to the man recaps this is the
Walking Dead Season ten episode six we
begin with the dynamic duo Daryl and
Carol out on a mission to hunt down
negan but secretly Carol's mission is to
find alphas zombie horde
but as night's falling they realize if
they want to follow more closely they'll
have to cross the border Daryl and Carol
tracking the whisperers but they get a
little too close Daryl's got to do
old-fashioned zombie guts on his face
Krauss and while the whispers are
looking for him they actually do their
creepy whispering I just realized that's
what I've been missing all season Daryl
makes it out of there and while they
were separated Carol took a Whisperer
hostage there was a little mad though
cuz it's like she had the zip ties ready
to go he realizes this was her plan all
along now it's time to check in on uncle
negan he claims he wants to join the
whisperers makes sense on the surface
because he was a prisoner in Alexandria
but negan is the least whispery person
ever
he talks incessantly this gets on beta's
nerves specifically he loves silence and
also you know negan's the biggest
coolest dude that's come through since
him you can tell beta's a little jealous
of the new guy yeah he and alpha have
always had this like sort of sexual
tension going on it seems like beta has
a huge psychopath crush on alpha so beta
puts negan through the ringer of the
whispers Olympics betas final test for
negan while walking with zombies to draw
some attention to him and let me again
fend for himself negan's knife breaks
again he's got bad luck so uncle legions
in big trouble
Eugene's at Hilltop fixing up their
radio thing he has a nice call with
Rosita they left on kind of bad terms a
few episodes ago where she firmly put
him in the friendzone but she really
cares about him and misses him so these
two reconcile
actually Rosita is kind of sick just a
stomach bug but when they go to the
infirmary turns out a lot of people got
it dr. Dante learns his zombie
apocolypse lesson that even a minor
stomach bug can be a big deal this
illnesses could be related to the fact
that the whisperers are dumping zombie
guts in the river although it seems
crazy Aaron wouldn't have immediately
told everyone about it Siddiq takes a
nap with his baby
he's zooming in on his mouth again
what's wrong with Siddiq well he has a
nightmare type thing open
your eyes she says and yeah he's like in
a nighttime Alexandria whatever happened
with the whispers the day they put
everyone's heads on pikes and made Sadiq
watch I think there was maybe more to it
because they're really building up his
PTSD thing Eugene's still on the radio
calling out on open frequencies to see
if anyone's out there this is tater bug
over open air surfing on these
proverbial radio waves any interested
ear holes come on back and someone
actually responds yeah this was teased
at the end of season nine someone was
coming on the radio and apparently it's
some really nice sounding girl obviously
you can't trust each other yet so they
don't share any real information but
they get a long talk going about life
and basically they're flirting at the
end of the date Eugene tells her his
name and he's definitely got a radio
girlfriend now Suzy she wants them to
keep each other a secret for now while
they build trust makes sense and maybe
she's gonna be Eugene's girlfriend or
maybe she's part of a large evil group
that's playing him we'll see
back at the whispers betas like negan
didn't make it guess he's not good
enough to join us anyway but then it's
big bad daddy neat and coming in with a
grand old entrance you best bring that
extra-long tape measure on account of my
fungus balls
negan really loves balls he kneels down
now the swearing guilty Game of Thrones
style and is apparently fully gonna join
the whisperers
that's how episode six comes to an end
[Music]